Graphic: ./GraphScreenshot.ase

Values are added to the graph using method new.add(), but 2 values are needed 
to draw each graph part. Therefore the first value is only saved to the buffer, 
and during the second call to new.add() the part is drawn and the buffer is cleared.

There can be up to 15 graphs on single screen. For coloring the graphs, palette
colors are used. Index 15 is reserved for the background, lower indexes have
higher priority (are plotted sooner and aren't overdrawn by lower-priority graphs).
This means first value has color index 0, while its index in data tables (_major etc.)
is 1.

The first, buffered value is 'minor', the second value is 'major'. The major
value from previous part is called 'old'.

Parts are always 2 pixels wide, major is always on the right, old on the left.
The position (side) of minor influences the shape of the curves.

There are 4 distinct graph parts: 'simple', 'direct', 'overshoot' and 'opposite'.

SIMPLE:     occurs when the difference of major and old is at most 1 and minor 
            is in the interval between these two (inclusive). Only 1 pixel is drawn
            at the position of major.

DIRECT:     minor is in the interval between old and major (inclusive). The break between
            left and right happens at the y-coordinate of minor. The minor is
            on the left if old is closer than major, otherwise on the right.
            In case minor is in the middle, the position depends on the shape
            of the previous part.
            When previous part is direct, overshoot or opposite, the y-position
            (i.e. left or right) is the same as the y-position of the previous
            minor. For simple, minor is left when old is local extreme, otherwise
            right.
            
OVERSHOOT:  major is between old (inclusive) and minor (exclusive). Minor is on the
            right, the line between old and minor is broken in the middle (closer
            to old if not possible).
            
OPPOSITE:   old is between major and minor (exclusive). Minor is on the left, 
            the line between minor and major is broken in the middle (closer to major 
            if not possible).

If one of the graphed values (arguments of add()) is nil, then the value will not be drawn, therefore the graph is splitted.

old     minor     major
 -        0         0    -nothing
 -        0         1    -dot
 0        1         0    -dot
 1        1         0    -line
 0        1         1    -line
 1        1         1    -part
